An Auto Scaling policy defines when an Auto Scaling
group should scale up or down.
There are a few different types of Auto Scaling policies,
so let's take a look at them.
Simple scaling policies are the original way that Auto Scaling groups worked.
This uses a CloudWatch alarm to monitor certain attributes
and then perform an action once the alarm occurs. Only one
action can be configured per alarm.
Therefore, if you want true elasticity,
you need a policy for scaling up and a policy for scaling down.
Step scaling policies were added as a way to define multiple
actions when a single alarm fires.
This allows you to modify the behavior of a policy based on the
severity of the alarm that's being fired.
The policy will keep scaling even after it's been initiated,
which differs from simple scaling policies.
The newest scaling policy is target tracking policies, and it's what we'll use.
Target tracking policies allow you to define a target for a metric attribute,
and the policy will scale up or down to stay below that limit.
It's the easiest policy, sort of a set‑and‑forget‑type operation,
and it is the suggested policy type to use now with Auto Scaling groups. In
your code editor, back in the create‑auto scaling.js file,
we're going to implement the createASGPolicy function on line 40.
We need a params const object, so go ahead and create that.
We're going to put all of our policy details in here.
The first property is AdjustmentType and defines what the policy should do.
Enter the string ChangeInCapacity here.
The next property is AutoScalingGroupName, and you can set
the value to the asgName function argument.
Next, add the property PolicyName,
which is a unique identifier. Set the value to the policyName function argument.
The next property is PolicyType.
Enter the string TargetTrackingScaling. Other options are simple or step,
which I explained earlier.
Next,
add the property TargetTrackingConfiguration and set the value to an object.
These are the details about what attribute to use to track to.
The first property for this object is TargetValue.
We're going to be using CPU,
so enter the number 5. It will scale up if the average CPU
utilization for all the instances is above 5% or down if it falls
below. The next property is PredefinedMetricSpecification, and
give it an object as the value.
This object has one property, PredefinedMetricType, with the value of
a string with the text ASGAverageCPUUtilization.
Because CPU utilization is a predefined metric and well
understood by Auto Scaling groups, this is how we will use it.
Now we can return a new promise with the resolve and
reject arguments in a callback function.
We'll use the Auto Scaling object and call the putScalingPolicy property on it.
This will take our Auto Scaling policy and attach it to the Auto Scaling
Group we defined. Pass in params as the first argument and a callback with
err and data arguments as the second argument.
If there's an err object, call reject passing it
in. Otherwise, resolve with data.
Now we have the group and policy being created,
so let's run this file and watch it work. In your command line, execute
node create‑auto‑scaling.js. After some processing,
it should output the result of the policy creation.
I'm going to skip in time a bit, and we can see that the Auto Scaling group was
created and an instance has also been created for the group.
If you go to the Load Balancers menu option and copy
this DNS name into your browser, you'll see the demo project pull up.
This is a result of each one of those pieces we put together.
The load balancer is routing our request to an instance that was created
by the Auto Scaling group using a launch configuration.
In the next clip, let's look at limits we may run into when using Auto Scaling and load balancers.